Appendix: Distribution plots and observations (#49)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/appendix/word_count_distributions.tex

\subsection{Distributions of the Corpus and Topics by Word Count}
In this section we will look at the word count distributions for the corpus and the topics shown in \autoref{fig:30TopicWords}, and describe some observations.

In \autoref{fig:corpus_wc_distribution}, the word count distribution of the whole corpus can be seen.
Here the word count can be seen of the x-axis, and the number of documents that have these word counts are on the y-axis.
This gives an overall idea of the size of the documents after preprocessing.
Just by looking at the distribution, it is clear that there are a lot of documents of smaller sizes.
There is a clear spike from word counts of around 20-100, and this drops steadily until around a word count of 1000, where only few documents appear afterwards.
Statistics of this distribution can also be seen on the right side of the figure.

> This tells us that, on average, the documents have a size of 256, and a median relatively close of 190.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The average document size is 256, and a median relatively close to 190.
```

It also confirms that the distribution is mainly in the range from 24-1182, which can be seen from the 1st and 99th percentile.

> This is a good sign, since part of our preprocessing was meant to remove the empty and very short documents, to still have enough context to find topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a good sign since part of our preprocessing was meant to remove the empty and very short documents, to still have enough context to find topics.
```

In \autoref{fig:topic_wc_distribution}, word count distributions of the topics from \autoref{fig:30TopicWords} can be seen, along with a smoothed distribution curve.
The axes are the same as in the corpus distribution.

> The main observation to make is that some topics have much larger quantities of documents compared to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main observation is that some topics have much larger quantities of documents compared to others.
```

> The main observation to make here, is that some topics have much larger quantities of documents compared to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main observation to make is that some topics have much larger quantities of documents compared to others.
```

> For example, topic 1 seemingly has many documents of a variety of sizes, while topic 2 is much smaller in size and includes mainly small sized documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, topic 1 seemingly has many documents of a variety of sizes, while topic 2 is much smaller in size and includes mainly small-sized documents.
```

> This might indicate a slight imbalance in the amount of documents that are highly weighted to the topics, though this might not be a problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might indicate a slight imbalance in the number of documents that are highly weighted to the topics, though this might not be a problem.
```
